I was arrested and sentenced to two and a half years in prison for my neutrality.
The surroundings in prison were unfamiliar and overwhelming.
I didn't know anyone and I didn't know what to expect from them.
I was the only witness.
I was continually praying to Jehovah for power and strength
to be able to resolve any problems in a peaceful manner
and withstand any difficulties.
In that situation only prayer and God's word brought me comfort.
But then my Bible was taken away from me.
It was returned to me though sometime later.
I was allowed to have literature on one condition that I would not preach.
True, preaching wasn't allowed, but that didn't mean I wasn't allowed to speak, did it?
I was determined that no matter what happened, I would remain faithful.
My good conduct had a positive effect on the other prisoners.
Some of them started reading the Bible.
Quite often I couldn't even get my turn to read it.
I didn't swear and I kept myself physically clean.
This didn't go unnoticed by the prison officials.
One day they said to me,
because you are morally and physically clean,
we want you to be our head cook.
That's how I became their chef.
I constantly saw evidence of Jehovah's hand.
The ministry was amazing.
There were months when I served up to 120 hours.
I placed more than 100 pieces of literature.
Thanks to Jehovah, I was able to stay in full-time ministry the whole time I was in prison.
This filled my heart with joy.
The thought at 1 Peter 5.9, which says that the entire association of brothers
is experiencing the same kind of suffering I was, strengthened me.
I am confident that no matter what circumstances we find ourselves in,
no matter who is around us, Jehovah will never abandon us.
The day for my release finally arrived.
It was a complete surprise for my mother.
I hadn't told her.
I will never forget that moment when we were reunited.